
United States Regional Privacy Notice
Explore the policy
About this Notice

How we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information

Sources of Personal Information

How long do we keep your Personal Information?

How can you exercise your rights provided under the U.S. Privacy Laws?

Contact for more information

Other policies
Terms of Service

Cookies Policy

About this Notice
Effective July 1, 2023

Read the Washington and Nevada Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy for more details about how we handle “Consumer Health Data” under the Washington My Health My Data Act and the Nevada Health Privacy Act.
This United States Regional Privacy Notice (“Notice”) is for people living in the United States and supplements the Meta Privacy Policy, the Meta Payments Inc. Privacy Policy, the Meta Viewpoints Privacy Policy, the Crowdtangle Data Policy, and the Opensource Privacy Policy. For Portal, Facebook View, and Meta Platforms Technologies products, please see their U.S. Regional Privacy Notice.

This Notice explains how we collect, use, and disclose your Personal Information. It also describes how to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. We call those laws collectively the “U.S. Privacy Laws.”

When we say “Personal Information” in this Notice, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked with you, directly or indirectly. Personal Information does not include information that cannot be reasonably linked to you. When data is deidentified (as defined under the U.S. Privacy Laws), we maintain it in deidentified form and do not attempt to reidentify the information.

Return to top

How we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information
To provide the products or features offered by Meta (“Meta Company Products"), we process information about you, including Personal Information, whether or not you have an account or are logged in. The best way to learn about the types of information we collect and how we use them is to review the Meta Privacy Policy and the privacy policies of our other products.

Subject to the limitations we describe in our privacy policies, we may disclose your Personal Information for business purposes, with strict restrictions on how our partners can use and disclose the data we provide. We may also disclose it at your direction or in other ways that are in accordance with the U.S. Privacy Laws. We don’t “share” your Personal Information, as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). We also don’t sell any of your Personal Information, and we never will.

The information we collect, use and disclose about you will vary depending on how you interact with Meta and our products. For the products covered by this Notice, here’s a summary of:

The categories of Personal Information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months
How we may use your Personal Information
To whom we may have disclosed that information
Categories of Personal Information we collect may include:
Examples of how Personal Information may be used include:
Parties with whom each category of Personal Information may be disclosed include:
Identifiers;
Characteristics of protected classifications;
Commercial information;
Photos and videos, which may include face imagery;
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browser and app logs, content you view or engage with, and app, browser and device information;
Location-related information;
Audio or visual information, including photos, videos, and voice recordings;
Professional or employment information;
Education information;
Information derived from other Personal Information about you, which could include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience; and
Other information you provide.
We may also collect sensitive personal information (as defined in U.S. Privacy Laws), which may include:

Social security, driver’s license, state identification card or passport number;
Precise geolocation;
Information about your racial or ethnic origin or religious views or union membership;
The content of messages you send and receive, which are considered sensitive personal information under CCPA;
Information about your sexual orientation;
Information about your health; and
Face imagery or voice recordings which may be used to identify you when you use relevant features.
Providing, personalizing, and improving our products, including ads;
Providing measurement, analytics, and other business services;
Promoting safety, integrity, and security;
Providing marketing communications to you;
Communicating with you; and
Researching and innovating for social good.
For categories of sensitive personal information that we collect, we will only use or disclose it either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise permitted by law, including the CCPA. Learn more[1] about the permitted purposes under CCPA.

People and accounts you share and communicate with;
People and accounts with which others share or reshare content about you;
Apps, websites, and third-party integrations on or using our products;
New owners in the event of a change of ownership or control of all or part of our products or their assets changes;
Partners, including partners offering goods and services on our products, as explained in our Privacy Policy;
Vendors, including measurement and marketing vendors;
Service providers;
Third parties, including external researchers and academics;
Law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm; and
The Meta Companies.
1
Permitted purposes for sensitive personal information under CCPA
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) defines “sensitive personal information” as personal information concerning:

A consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number
A consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account
A consumer’s precise geolocation
A consumer’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership
The contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication; a consumer’s genetic data
The processing of biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying a consumer
Information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health
Information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s sex life or sexual orientation
Under the CCPA, businesses that use or disclose the sensitive personal information of California consumers for purposes other than those specified in section 7027(m) of the draft regulations must provide California consumers with a “Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information” link to limit the business’s use of their sensitive information to only those expressly permitted under the law. For ease of reference, the purposes identified in the CCPA for which a business may use or disclose sensitive personal information without being required to provide a “Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information” link are as follows:

To perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests those goods or services
To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and confidentiality of stored or transmitted Personal Information
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those responsible for those actions
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons
For short-term, transient use
To perform services on behalf of the business, such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytic services, providing storage, or providing similar services
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of our products, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the products or features offered by the business
To collect or process sensitive personal information where such collection or processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer
Return to top

Sources of Personal Information
Depending on how you interact with Meta and our products, the categories of sources from which we’ve collected Personal Information about you may include:

You: We receive Personal Information from the information that you provide. For example, we collect the content, communications, and other information you provide when you use our products, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content, and message or communicate with others. We collect information about the people, pages, accounts, hashtags, and groups you are connected to, and how you interact with them across our products, such as the people you communicate with the most or the groups you are part of. We also collect information about how you use our products, including ads we serve on and off our products, such as the types of content you view or engage with, the features you use, the actions you take, the people or accounts you interact with, and the time, frequency, and duration of your activities.
Other people: We may also receive and analyze content, communications, and information about you that other people provide when they use our products, such as when others share or comment on a photo of you, send a message to you, or upload, sync, or import your contact information.
Your device(s):We collect information from and about the computers, phones, connected TVs, and other web-connected devices you use that integrate with our products, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
Meta Companies:We receive information from other Meta Companies according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, we act as a service provider for other Meta Companies, and act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Partners, vendors and third parties:Advertisers, app developers, and publishers and other partners can send us information for business purposes including through the Meta Business Tools they use, our social plugins (such as the Like button), Facebook Login, our APIs and SDKs, or the Meta pixel. These partners provide information about your activities on and off our products—including information about your device, websites you visit, apps you use, games you play, and purchases you make. We also receive information about your online and offline actions, and purchases from third-party data providers who have the rights to provide us with your information. These partners collect your information when you visit their websites or use their services or through third parties they work with. We require each of these partners to have rights to collect, use, and disclose your information before providing any information to us. We also obtain information from publicly available sources, research institutions and professional and non-profit groups, including companies or organizations that provide content including videos, photos, or audio.
Return to top

How long do we keep your Personal Information?
We keep Personal Information, including sensitive Personal Information, as long as we need it to provide our products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis.

Here’s what we consider when we decide:

If we need it to operate or provide our products.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products.
Learn more in the “Why we may preserve your information longer” section of the Meta Privacy Policy here.

Return to top

How can you exercise your rights provided under the U.S. Privacy Laws?
Depending on where you live and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:

Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the Personal Information we collect, use, or disclose, and information about our data practices.
Right to Request Correction: The right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you.
Right to Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete your Personal Information that we have collected from or about you.
Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising: The right to opt out of the processing of your Personal Information obtained from your activities on nonaffiliated websites or online applications for the purposes of targeted advertising.
Right to Non-Discrimination: The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your privacy rights.
To submit a request to exercise your rights, and as applicable, to appeal a consumer rights action, please visit this webform.

Here’s how you can exercise the right to opt out of targeted advertising:

For ads you see through Meta Products, visit the “Activity information from ad partners” section in Ad Preferences.
For ads you see on other apps and websites about Meta Products or services, use the Digital Advertising Alliance and the NAI industry opt-outs. If you apply certain ad blockers and tools to restrict cookies, it may interfere with your ability to opt out. You can also opt out through your mobile device settings. Different manufacturers provide different ways to opt out of advertisements.
Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases, we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as a government issued ID.

Under certain U.S. Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information. In most cases, we will facilitate your request through automated tools available through your password-protected account.

For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see here.

Return to top

Contact for more information
If you have additional questions about this Notice or how to exercise your rights under applicable U.S. Privacy Laws, please contact us.

Return to top

