Privacy and Safety Hub
Privacy
Safety
Transparency
News

Privacy
Privacy Center
Privacy Principles
Privacy by Product
Privacy Policy
Snap and Ads
Privacy Through Security
Privacy Policy

Effective: February 26, 2024

Welcome to Snap Inc.’s Privacy Policy. This Policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Looking for a quick summary on our privacy practices? Check out this page or this video. And if you’re looking for specific product privacy information, for example, how we process your Chats and Snaps, take a look at our Privacy by Product page. In addition to these documents, we also show in-app notices that provide you more information about our products and services.

Transparency is one of our core values at Snap. We believe there shouldn’t be any surprises about the data we collect and how we use it — that’s why we’re upfront with how we process it. For example, we process your information to provide you a more personalized experience, including to show you content and information that is most relevant to your experience, as well as more relevant advertisements. Understanding your interests and preferences help us provide a better product experience.

Furthermore, we believe a personalized experience should not come at the expense of your privacy. Just like in real life, there are some moments you want to share privately with your close friends, and others that you want to share publicly. That’s why from day one our philosophy has been to delete content by default and to give Snapchatters control by providing the tools that allow them to decide what happens with their content, like who to share it with or when to save it.

This Policy covers our Snapchat app as well as our other products, services, and features, such as Bitmoji, Spectacles, and our advertising and commerce initiatives. When you read "Services" in this Policy, we’re talking about all of them. Also, if you see us refer to our "Terms," we mean the Terms of Service that you agree to when you sign up for our Services. Finally, if you see the term "Snapchatter" we are often using that as shorthand for any user of our Services.

Let’s get started with the controls you have over your information:

Control Over Your Information

Control over your information and settings is a core part of Snapchat experience. Here, we give you more details on the types of settings that are available, link out to our data download tool, and provide instructions on how to delete data or your account.

We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with a range of tools, including:

Access and update your information. You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our Services. Just navigate to your settings and you will see the options available to you.

Delete your information. If you want to delete your account, learn how here. You can also delete some information within our Services, like content you’ve saved to Memories, content you’ve shared with My AI, Spotlight submissions, and more.

Control who can see your content. We’ve built a number of tools that let you choose who you share your content with. In some cases you may want to share content with your friends, and in other instances you may want to share it with the public. To learn more, go here.

Control who can contact you. Snapchat is intended for close friends and family, that’s why we’ve built controls that help you decide who can contact you. If you receive unwanted communications, you can always block and report that person. Go here to learn more.

Change your permissions. In most cases, you can change your permissions at any time. For example, if you provided access to your phone contacts to make friending easier, you can change that later on in your settings. Of course, if you do that, certain features and Services, like finding friends in your contact book, won’t work.

Opt out of promotional messages. You have the option to opt out or unsubscribe from promotional emails and messages sent by SMS or other messaging platforms. To do so, just follow the instructions in the message like an unsubscribe link or similar functionality.

Download your data. You can use our Download My Data tool to get a copy of information that may not be available in Snapchat in a portable format, so you can move it or store it wherever you want.

Object to processing. Depending on where you live and the particular data we are processing, you may have the right to object to our processing of that information. This gets a bit technical, so we’ve explained it in more detail here.

Set advertising preferences. We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests, but if you’d like to have a less personalized experience, you can change your advertising settings in the Snapchat app. Learn more here.

Tracking. If you use an iPhone with iOS 14.5 or above, some specific requirements apply, which we’ve specified here.

Information We Collect

This section provides you with details on what information we collect. We’ve organized this in a few categories: information you provide to us, information we generate based on your use of our Services, and information we receive from others. Sometimes, we may also collect additional information, with your permission.

When you use our Services, such as Snapchat, we collect information you provide to us, generate information when you use our Services, and in some cases receive data from others. Let’s break these down in more detail.

Information You Provide
Many of our Services require you to set up an account. To do this, we ask you to provide us with account details (information about you, like your name, username, email address, birthday, and phone number). When you set up your profile, you’ll also provide us with profile details (like your Bitmoji and profile picture). If you use our commerce products to buy something, like those latest sneakers, we may ask you for payment and related information (like your physical address, so we can ship the product to you, payment information, so we can process the payment, and transaction history).

Of course, you’ll also provide us with the information you send through or save within our Services. We consider some of this information to be private content and communications (like Snaps and Chats with friends, My Story set to Friends, Private Stories, voice and video calls, and content that is saved in My Eyes Only). On the other end of the spectrum, some of the information you send through or save within our Services may be public content that is accessible to everyone (such as Public Story content, including My Story set to Everyone, Shared Stories, and Community Stories, Spotlight or Snap Map submissions, and Public Profile information). Keep in mind that Snapchatters who view your Snaps, Chats, and any other content, can always screenshot that content, save it, or copy it outside the Snapchat app. So please don’t send messages or share content that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share.

Lastly, when you contact Support (content and communications shared with Support) or our Safety team, or communicate with us in any other way, including through our research efforts (like responses to surveys, consumer panels, or other research questions) we’ll collect whatever information you provide or that we need to resolve your question.

Information We Generate When You Use Our Services
When you use our Services, we collect information about which of those Services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. This helps us better understand the way our community uses our Services so that we can make improvements.

This includes usage information (information about how you interact with our Services — for example, which Lenses you view and apply, Stories you watch, and how often you communicate with other Snapchatters) and content information (information about content you create or provide, your engagement with the camera and creative tools, your interactions with My AI, and metadata — for example, information about the content itself like the date and time it was posted and who viewed it). Content information includes information based on the content of the image, video, or audio — so if you post a Spotlight of a basketball game, we may use that information to show you more content on Spotlight about basketball.

This also includes device information (such as your hardware or software, operating system, device memory, advertising identifiers, apps installed, browser type, information from device sensors that measure the motion of your device or compasses and microphones, including whether you have headphones connected, and information about your wireless and mobile connections), location information (IP address), information collected by cookies and similar technologies, depending on your settings, (cookies, web beacons (small graphic data that recognize user activity, such as if and how often a user has visited a website), web storage, unique advertising identifiers), and log information (such as details about how you’ve used our Services, access times, pages viewed, IP address, and unique identifiers like cookies).

If you’ve explicitly granted device-level permissions, device information may also include information about your device phonebook (contacts and related information), images and other information from your device’s camera, photos, and microphone (like the ability to take photos, videos, view stored photos and videos, and access the microphone to record audio while recording video), and location information (precise location through methods like GPS signals).

Data We Receive From Others
The last category of data we collect is information about you that we may receive from others, such as other users, our affiliates, and third parties. This includes linked third-party service data (information we get when you link your Snapchat account to another service), data from advertisers (information from advertisers, app developers, publishers, and other third parties to help target or measure the performance of ads), contact info from other Snapchatters or third parties (if another Snapchatter uploads their contact list which includes your information, we may combine that with other information we have about you to better understand who you may want to communicate with. Or, if you provide us with your contact information, we may use that to determine if we can communicate with you in other ways, like SMS, email, or other messaging services), and data relating to potential violations of our Terms (we may receive information from third parties, including website publishers, social network providers, law enforcement, and others, about potential violators of our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines).

Other Information, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask your permission to collect additional information. For example, before accessing your device’s camera roll or Contact Book.

How We Use Information

This section explains how we use the information we collect. Among other things, we use the information we collect to provide you with personalized products and Services that we work hard to build and improve. Below, we walk through each purpose for which we use information in detail. If you’d like to see a mapping of the data we collect with the purposes for which we collect it, we have a table here.

Keep Things Up & Running (i.e., operate, deliver, and maintain our Services)
We use the information we collect in order to operate, deliver, and maintain our Services. For example, by delivering a Snap you want to send to a friend or, if you share your location on Snap Map, to show you suggestions like places you might like in your neighborhood, content others have posted to the Map, or your friends if they’re sharing their location with you. We also use some of your information to help keep our products up to date, for example to make sure that our Services work with the latest operating systems and devices.

Personalize Your Experience & Give Context
We offer personalized Services to Snapchatters. One of the ways we do this is by showing you content that is relevant to you or we think you may enjoy based on the information you share with us. To do so, we use information about you across different areas of the Services in order to add context to your Snapchat experience. For example, we automatically tag content with labels based on the content, your location, or the time of day. So if there's a dog in the photo, it may be searchable in Memories by the term “dog,” show up on the Map at the location where you created the Memory, and inform us that you’re into dogs so we can surface you fun dog videos and dog food ads in other parts of our Services, such as Spotlight.

Personalization can also help with suggesting friends or recommending a new friend to send a Snap to based on who you Snap with the most. We may show recommended places on the Snap Map, generate stickers, or even generate Snaps and other content using AI to share with friends, infer your interests based on your content or activity, or customize the content we show you, including ads. For example, if you watch barista content on Spotlight, talk to My AI about your favorite espresso machine, or save a lot of coffee-related Snaps in your Memories, we may highlight coffee shops on the Snap Map when you visit a new city or show you content about coffee that you may find interesting or relevant. Or, if you interact with a lot of music venues we may use that to show you ads for upcoming shows in town. Personalization also includes tailoring your experience based on what your friends are doing, including showing you content your friends create, like, or enjoy on Spotlight or Place recommendations that are popular with your friends.

Our goal is to continuously provide you with more relevant and interesting content.

For example, if you watch a lot of sports content, but skip content with hair and makeup tips, our recommendation algorithms will prioritize sports, but not those makeup tips. You can learn more about how we understand Snapchatter preferences and rank and moderate content here.

We believe it is critical to also balance the benefits of personalization with our Snapchatters’ expectations of privacy. For example, we may automatically tag the Snaps you save to Memories based on the content within it (e.g., the Snap contained a dog), and then use that tag to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads (such as showing you Spotlight Snaps containing dogs). We do not use the private content and communications you send to your friends to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads.

Provide Relevant Ads
Another way we provide a personalized Service is through the ads we show. We use your interests and preferences from the information we’ve collected to personalize, target, and measure ads. We think ads are best when they’re relevant. That’s why we try to select the right ads and show them to you at the right time. For example, if you’ve interacted with ads for video games, we will infer that you like video games, and show you similar ads, but those won’t be the only ads you see. Similar to our content strategy, we try to ensure you receive a variety of ads. We also use your information to avoid showing you ads you probably won’t be interested in. For example, if a ticketing site tells us you’ve previously bought tickets for a movie — we can stop showing you ads for it. You can learn about the different types of advertising and your choices about which ads you receive here.

You can learn more about how we collect, use, and share your information for advertising purposes here.

A note about information collected by cookies and other technologies: we may use these technologies to collect information when you interact with Services we offer through one of our partners. For example, we may use information collected on an advertiser’s website to show you more relevant ads. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. To learn more about how we and our partners use cookies on our Services and your choices, please check out our Cookie Policy.

Develop & Improve Features, Algorithms & Machine Learning Models
Our teams are constantly coming up with new ideas for features and ways to improve our Services. In order to do this, we also develop and improve the algorithms and machine learning models (an expression of an algorithm that combs through significant amounts of data to find patterns or make predictions) that make our features and Services work, including through generative AI features (artificial intelligence capable of generating text, images, or other media, using generative models. Generative AI models learn the patterns and structure of their input training data and then generate new data that has similar characteristics). We use algorithms and machine learning models for personalization, advertising, safety and security, fairness and inclusivity, augmented reality, and to prevent abuse or other Terms of Service violations. For example, our algorithms and machine learning models take into account the conversations Snapchatters are having with My AI to improve the responses from My AI.

Your information can help us decide what kind of improvements we should make, but we are always focused on privacy — and we don’t want to use more of your personal information than necessary to develop our features and models.

Analytics
In order to understand what to build or how to improve our Services, we need to understand trends and demand for our features. For example, we monitor metadata and trends about Group Chat use to help decide whether we should change parts of the feature, like the maximum size of a Group. Studying data from Snapchatters can help us see trends in the ways that people use the Services. This helps inspire us to improve Snapchat on a larger scale. We perform analytics in order to identify, monitor, and analyze trends and usage. Based on this information, we will, among other things, create information about our users to help us understand demand.

Research
We conduct research to better understand general consumer interests, trends, and how our Services are used by you and others in our community. This information, along with analytics (as we described above), helps us understand more about our community and about how our Services fit into the lives of those in our community. We also engage in research and development to develop new techniques and technologies (e.g., new machine learning models or hardware, such as Spectacles). The results of our research are sometimes used in features on Snapchat, and we sometimes publish papers about things like overall behaviors and consumer trends (which will only have aggregated data across our user base, and not contain any private information about you specifically).

Enhance the Safety & Security of Our Services
We use your information to enhance the safety and security of our Services, verify Snapchatter identity, and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity. For example, we provide two-factor authentication to help protect your account and can send you email or text messages if we notice any suspicious activity. We also scan URLs sent on Snapchat to see if that webpage is potentially harmful, and can give you a warning about it.

Contacting You
Sometimes we’ll get in touch with you to promote new or existing features. This includes sending Snapchatters communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted. For example, we may use the Snapchat app, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms to share information about our Services and promotional offers that we think may interest you.

Other times, we need to communicate with you to provide information, alerts, or to send messages our users ask us to deliver at their request. This may include sending communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted, to deliver account status updates, security alerts, and Chat or friending reminders; it may also include fulfilling our user’s request to send invites or Snapchat content to non-Snapchatters.

Support
When you ask for help, we want to get you support as quickly as possible. In order to provide you, the Snapchatter community, and our business partners with the help needed to resolve issues with our Services, we often need to use the information we have collected to respond.

Enforce Our Terms & Policies
We use the data we collect to enforce our Terms and the law. This includes enforcing, investigating, and reporting conduct that violates our Terms, policies, or the law, responding to requests from law enforcement, and complying with legal requirements. For example, when unlawful content is posted on our Services, we may need to enforce our Terms and other policies. In some cases, we may also use or share your information to cooperate with law enforcement requests, escalate safety issues to law enforcement, industry partners, or others, or comply with our legal obligations. Check out our Transparency Report to learn more.

How We Share Information

This section explains who we share information with, what that information may include, and the reasons for sharing that information, including when we need to transfer it outside of the country it was collected from.

Recipients & Reasons for Sharing
Snapchat. To provide our Services to you and our community, we may share information with your friends on Snapchat or other Snapchatters. For example, the content you post to Stories can be viewed by your Friends if you allow them. See the Control Over Your Information section and your Settings for the controls you have over who sees what and when.

Family Center Participants. When you have enabled Family Center, we share information about the connected account to provide insight about how the account is used, for example, who your Friends are on Snapchat. We do not share message content. Learn more.

Public. Most of the features on Snapchat are private and for Friends only, but we also offer public features that allow you to opt in to showcase your best Snaps to the world, such as Spotlight, Snap Map, Community Stories, or your Public Profile. When you do this, those Snaps may also be discoverable outside of Snapchat, for example on the web. Some information, like your username and Bitmoji, are visible to the public.

Third-Party Apps. Sometimes we provide features that allow you to connect with third-party apps. If you decide to connect your Snapchat account with a third-party app, we will share any additional information you direct us to.

Service Providers. We share information about your activity with our service providers, who process that information on our behalf. For example, we rely on such Service Providers to facilitate payments or measure and optimize the performance of ads. We do not share private communications with them. We maintain a list of categories of service providers here.

Business and Integrated Partners. We share information about your activity with business and integrated partners in order to provide the Services. For example, you can use OpenTable within Snapchat to reserve a table. This does not include private communications. We maintain a list of these partners here.

Anti-Fraud Partners. We share information about your activity, such as device and usage information, with industry partners working to prevent fraud.

Legal, Safety, and Security Partners. We share information about your activity as necessary for the following legal, safety, and security reasons:

comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.

investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations.

protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others.

detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.

Affiliates. Snap Inc. consists of different subsidiaries owned by us. We may share your information within those internal subsidiaries as needed to carry out our Services.

For the purposes of a Merger or Acquisition. If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer, we may transfer your personal information to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.

Integrated Partners
Our Services may contain content and integrations offered by our integrated partners. Examples include integrations in Lenses, Camera editing tools, to provide Scan results, and third-party developer integrations. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the integrated partner as well as to Snap. We are not responsible for how those partners collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services. You can learn more about our integrations in Snapchat here.

On iOS we use Apple’s TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of Lenses. Note, however, that this information is used in real time — we don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties.

International Data Transfers
Our Services connect you with your friends around the world. To make that possible, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States or other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure safeguards are in place to protect the data as required by law where you live. If you want to learn more about this, see the Region Specific Information section for more details.

How Long We Keep Your Information

In this section we provide you with information on how long we keep your information, why we keep your information, and also highlight how we may need to keep your information to comply with laws, courts, and other obligations.

As a general rule, we keep information as long as you tell us to, and otherwise as long as we need it to provide our Services, or as required by law. For example, if you store something in Memories, we will keep it as long as you need it, but when you Chat with a friend, our systems are designed to delete Chats you send within 24 hours after your friend reads it (or automatically after viewing — depending on your settings). Whether we retain your data depends on the specific feature, your settings, and how you’re using the Services. Here are some more factors we consider when we decide how long to keep your information:

If we need the information to operate or provide our Services. For example, we store your basic account details — like your name, phone number, and email address — to maintain your account.

To do the things you expect from our Services and as we’ve described within this Privacy Policy. For example, we maintain your list of friends until you ask us to delete them since friends are key to expressing yourself. Conversely, Snaps and Chats sent in Snapchat will be deleted by default from our servers within 24 hours after we detect they’ve been opened by all recipients or have expired, unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save something, in which case we will honor your choices.

The information itself. For example, we store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which Services you use. If location information is associated with a Snap — like those saved to Memories or posted to Snap Map or Spotlight — we’ll retain that location as long as we store the Snap. Pro tip: You can see the location data we retain about you by downloading your data.

How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.

If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm, investigate possible violations of our Terms of Service or other policies, investigate reports of abuse, or protect ourselves or others.

Take a look at our Privacy by Product page and support page for details on the specific retention periods for products.

Although our systems are designed to delete some of your information automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will take place by a specific time.

In some cases we need to comply with legal requirements to store your data which stops us from deleting your information. For example, if we receive a notice from a court asking us to keep a copy of your content. Other reasons we may be required to keep a copy of your data are if we get reports of abuse or other Terms or policy violations, or if your account, content created by you, or content created with other Snapchatters is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms or policy violations. Finally, we may also keep certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law.

For the latest information about how long we store different types of content, check out our Support Site.

Region Specific Information

Depending on where you live, you may have additional rights, this section provides more details on region specific information.

We do our best to keep our policies as simple as possible, but depending on where you live, you have some additional rights or there may be specific information that you should be aware of. Please take a look at the list below to see if any apply to you!

Brazil 🇧🇷

Canada 🇨🇦

Europe 🇪🇺

Mexico 🇲🇽

South Korea 🇰🇷

Turkey 🇹🇷

United States 🇺🇸

Note: The U.S. State Privacy Notice applies only if you are a resident of certain U.S. states that have implemented state-level privacy laws.

Some jurisdictions require that we state our legal basis for processing data for particular purposes. You can find that information here.

Our Audience

Our Services are directed to individuals 13 years and older.

Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and you must confirm that you are 13 years or older in order to create an account and use our Services. If we have actual knowledge that you are under the age of 13 (or the minimum age at which a person may use the Services in your state, province, or country without parental consent, if greater), we will stop providing Services to you and delete your account and data.

In addition, we may also limit how we collect, use, and store some of the information of Snapchatters under 18. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to people under the age of 18.

Updates to the Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, and will give you a heads up if we make any changes we think you should know about.

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or providing you with an in-app notification).

Contact Us

Have any questions about the information here? You can contact us here.

Company
Snap Inc.
Careers
News
Privacy and Safety
Community
Snapchat Support
Pixy Support
Community Guidelines
Advertising
Snapchat Ads
Advertising Policies
Political Ads Library
Brand Guidelines
Promotions Rules
Legal
Other Terms & Policies
Law Enforcement
Cookie Policy
Cookie Settings
Report Infringement
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Language
English (US)

Privacy and Safety Hub
Privacy
Safety
Transparency
News

Privacy
Privacy Center
Privacy Principles
Privacy by Product
Privacy Policy
Snap and Ads
Privacy Through Security
U.S. State Privacy Notice

Effective: April 8, 2024

We’ve created this U.S. State Privacy Notice (“Notice”) to provide additional information for residents of U.S. states that provide for the privacy rights described below as specified under state law. Our Privacy Principles and the privacy controls we offer to all users are in line with these laws — this Notice makes sure we cover state-specific requirements. For example, all users can request a copy of their data, request deletion, and control their privacy settings in the app. For the full picture, check out our Privacy Policy. And if you’re looking for information about Snap’s collection, use, sharing, and processing of “consumer health data” under Washington and, if applicable, other similar U.S. laws, please see our Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy.

We’ll start with a summary of your rights and get into the details later.

You have the right to know whether we sell or share your data and to opt-out if we do. Good news! We don’t sell or share your data as defined by these state laws.

You have the right to receive an overview of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and which service providers we disclose it to.

You can request access to your data, get a copy, and ask us to correct or delete your personal information.

Your authorized agent can always contact us if they have a question on your behalf.

You may have additional specific privacy rights in your state. We address those below in state-specific sections. 

By the way, we’ll update this Notice periodically, but at least every 12 months, and let you know when we’ve made updates consistent with our Privacy Policy.

Your Rights

Let’s start with your rights.

Right to know what personal information we collect and correct it. You have the right to request details on the specific personal information we’ve collected about you and the right to correct inaccurate information. We provide this information in our Privacy Center, but you can also get this information by contacting us. In addition, you can request a copy of your data here or directly through your settings. You can also access and edit most of your basic account information right in your settings. You can also use Download My Data to obtain a copy of your information in a portable format, so you can move it or store it wherever you want. 

Right to know who we share your data with. We don’t sell your data or share your data for cross-context behavioral advertising, but we do share your information with service providers for legitimate business purposes. For example, we use service providers to store and host your data. See the Sharing Your Information section below for more details.

Right to deletion. You have the right to request deletion of your data, unless an exception applies. Examples of exceptions include when we need to keep data to meet legal obligations, detect fraud, investigate reports of abuse or other Terms of Service violations, or fix security issues. Upon your verified request, we’ll delete your personal information (unless an exception applies) and will direct our service providers to do the same. By design, we have pretty short retention terms, so most data is deleted quickly anyway. See the How Long We Keep Your Information section of our Privacy Policy for more details. 

Right to get a timely response. You have the right to make two free requests in any 12-month period. We will respond to your request within 45 days, and in more difficult cases we may extend our response time by another 45 days. Our support team is pretty great, so they tend to respond a lot quicker. The easiest way to get information is by following the instructions above, but you or your authorized agent can also email privacy @ snap.com. We may ask authorized agents to provide a Power of Attorney or similar to verify their authorization.

Right to non-Discrimination. It goes without saying, but we will not hold it against you when you exercise any of your rights. In fact, we encourage you to review your privacy settings closely and reach out to us with your questions.

Right to opt-out of targeted advertising. You can do this on Snapchat by adjusting your in-app advertising preferences to turn off activity-based ads as described here.

Right to opt-out of profiling. You have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Good news! Snap does not engage in such profiling as defined by applicable law, so there’s no need to opt out.

Right to appeal. If we deny your rights request, and you live in a state that provides for this right, you may have the right to appeal that decision. We will provide you with the necessary information to submit an appeal at that time. Alternatively, you can appeal a decision by completing this form.

The easiest way to exercise your rights is by logging into your account so we can verify your identity. You can also email us, but then we’ll require some additional information (like your username and email or phone number associated with your account) to authenticate your identity and ownership of your account.

We Don’t Sell Your Data

We don’t sell your data and we don’t share your data with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising. To keep the lights on at Snap HQ, we do show ads. In the event any personal information is disclosed in order to show those ads, it would only be disclosed to our service provider(s) acting on our behalf. Service providers cannot use your personal information for their own purposes. We do our best to make these ads relevant, so they’re enjoyable. Our Support Site provides information on do not track, advertising, and interest preferences.

Information We Collect

As detailed in our Privacy Policy and How We Use Your Information page, we collect personal information for a wide range of purposes, but the main reason we collect information is to offer you the best possible products and services. Privacy by design is the starting point. This means we make sure we don’t collect more information than necessary or collect information for purposes that are different, unrelated, or incompatible with what’s detailed in our Privacy Policy.

In the last 12 months, we’ve collected the following personal information:

A. Identifiers, such as your name, display name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email address, username, or other similar identifiers. We mainly use these to offer our services, for example to create your account and send Chats & Snaps to your real friends.

B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records provisions, such as your name, address, telephone number, payment number (last 4 digits only). For example, we use this information so you can buy your latest Spectacles. Keep in mind that some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.

C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as your gender and age. The main purpose for collecting this information is to verify your age, ensure you are eligible to use our services, and to show you more relevant ads and content in Discover.

D. Commercial information, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. For example, we may keep this information when you purchase items through the Snap Store (where you buy your Bitmoji stickers and mugs) or when you engage with ads on our platform.

E. Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as session logs, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. For example, we may store your search history when you are searching for Bitmoji terms or looking for Snaps and other content in Search.

F. Geolocation data, such as your physical location. Snapchat uses your device’s location to offer certain location-based features. For example, we use your device’s location to provide Geofilters based on where you’re at or what’s going on around you, or we can use your location to position the Map to show you what’s nearby. Learn more. We also use geolocation data to serve more personalized ads to you in the app. While we may share this information with our service providers in order to make our services run, we don’t sell or share your precise geolocation with any third-parties for cross-context behavioral advertising or to use for their own purposes. 

G. Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as Snaps and other visual content. We collect Snaps you create, but deletion is still our default with a few exceptions. Learn more.

H. Inferences drawn from other personal information. We may use this information to create a profile reflecting your preferences and characteristics. For example, we’ll use this information to create a list of your interests and preferences to serve you more relevant ads or content in Discover. Learn more.

I. Sensitive personal information. With your permission, we collect some information from you that is considered sensitive like your precise geolocation and Voice Chat messages you’d like transcribed. We use this information to make features available to you that rely on this information, like the Map. We may also use this information to provide you with more relevant advertising. We don’t sell or share sensitive personal information with any third-parties for cross-context behavioral advertising or to use for their own purposes.

We may collect this data when you provide it to us, when you use our services, or when we receive it from third parties. For more details on the sources, see the Information We Collect section in our Privacy Policy.

For your information, personal information does not include publicly available information from government records and de-identified or aggregated consumer information.

How Long We Keep Your Information

As detailed in the How Long We Keep Your Information section of our Privacy Policy, we have pretty short retention terms, so most data is deleted quickly. For detailed information about how long we store different types of content, check out our Support Site.

Sharing Your Information

While we don’t “share” your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising, we may share your personal information for a business purpose(s) or at your direction. For example, we share your personal information with our data hosting and storage providers. We enter into agreements with our service providers in which they can only use your information for specific purposes and are required to ensure its confidentiality.

In the past 12 months, we’ve disclosed categories A-I for a business purpose or at your direction with our affiliates, service providers, and third parties. For more details on the business purpose(s) for which, and the third parties, we share data with, see the How We Share Information section in our Privacy Policy.

California

If you live in California, you also have the right to request to limit the use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information that is used to infer characteristics about you as provided by the CCPA. You can do so by following the instructions described here.

Metrics On Your Rights

Transparency is important to us, especially when it comes to helping you understand and exercise your rights under the CCPA. That’s why we’ve published some key metrics below detailing how often our users engage with us to request their CCPA rights and how we respond in kind. Have a look!

Right to Know
Received: 10
Complied with: 9
Denied: 1
Average response time: 7 days

Right to Delete
Received: 41
Complied with: 41
Denied: 0
Average response time: 5 days

Right to Opt-out of Sale
This one is easy. We don’t sell your data, so we don’t process, or collect metrics on, opt-out requests for the sale of consumer data.

The metrics above are for calendar year 2022 (January through December), and represent interactions where users have contacted Snap and explicitly requested to exercise their CCPA rights. Just so you know, users are able to download their data, including Memories and saved Chats, and delete their data, in the app or by deleting their account, using our self-serve tools. For example, in 2022, over 26 million users requested account deletion using our self-serve tools and in the last year, over 10 million users downloaded their data. We’ll update these numbers from time to time to ensure we are providing you the most up-to-date information.

Nevada

We do not sell your covered information, as defined under Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes. If you still have questions about your covered information or anything else in our Privacy Policy, just contact us.

Company
Snap Inc.
Careers
News
Privacy and Safety
Community
Snapchat Support
Pixy Support
Community Guidelines
Advertising
Snapchat Ads
Advertising Policies
Political Ads Library
Brand Guidelines
Promotions Rules
Legal
Other Terms & Policies
Law Enforcement
Cookie Policy
Cookie Settings
Report Infringement
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Language
English (US)